Yesterday we could have witnessed one of the most amazing stories in football.

This happened in the German Cup, the DFB Pokal one of the tournaments that allows very lower league teams to compete with the giagiants. And compete they did.

First match in the round 2 was against none other than Bayern Munich the worst team that they could have gotten.

It starts the match and in the minute 16 Frans Kratzig sends a pass to none other than Thomas Muller.

.

Thomas Muller get it an shoots.

.

And its a goal.

Everything looked doomed as the first half keept passing and Saarbruken coundn't react. But then in the extra time of the first half it happened.

Lukas Boeder takes the ball.

Passes it to his closest team mate, Patrik Sontheimer.

He shoots and.

.

Its a goal. One one and a whole half to play, everything is posible now.

The second half has passed and somehow the match its still drawn neither team has managed to score. The 90 minutes have passed and we have almost no more time left on the clock.

Tim Civeja makes a run overtaking Bayern's defense.

Crosses it to his teamate Marcel Gaus.

Marcel shoots and.

.

Its a goal.Saarbruken score.

They have done it the final whistle has blown and its 2-1 Saarbruken beat the all mighty Bayern Munich.

Round of 16 and now its Eintrak Frankfurt.

Minute 64 and its a corner for Saarbruken, Naifi takes it.

Troughs it to the middle.

Its Brunker how heads it and.

.

Its a goal. One cero Saarbruken is leading against Eintrak Frankfurt.

Luca Kerber takes the ball in the penalty area and shoots.

.

Its a goal. Saarbruken are two cero up in the 78 minute.

The final whistle blows and it reamins two cero. Saarbruken have already beaten two Bundesliga teams.

Its the QuarterFinal and there is still one third division team this is Saarbruken who play against Monchen Gladbach.

Its the eigth minute and Franck Honorat is in the area.

He passes the ball to Robin Hack.

Robin takes it and shots.

.

Its a goal. Gladbach take the team and it looks like the dream is over.

Its the eleventh minute and Saarbruken are on the attack. Its Naifi with a long range shot.

.

Its a goal. 3 minutes later Saarbruken managed to pair the result one one.

After the excitement of the first minutes the match is almost over, minute 90 has passed and we have 4 of agregated time. It's the ninty third minute.

Fabio Di Michele has the ball outside Gladbach's net.

He passes the ball to his teammate, who else than Brunker.

Bruker takes a shot on the penalty box.

.

It's a goal.

The match ends and the score line is two one to Saarbruken.

Saarbruken had managed it they are now in the DFB Pokal semifinal and have beaten Bayern, Eintrack and now Gladbach on their way.

.

It's the semifinal of the DFB Pokal and this is going to be a historical season. The four teams compeating have amazing stories. 
We have two Bundesliga 2 sides in Kaiserslautern and Fortuna Duseldorf. The only unbeaten team in Europe in Bayer Leverkusen. And a Third division side on Saarbruken.

We are looking at the draw and Saarbruken manage to avoid the mighty Leverkusen, They get Kaiserslautern.

The match starts with a good start for Saarbruken some ok chances but nothing very remarkable until the minute 42.

Its a foul for Saarbruken.

Its crossed to the middle, and Brunker is unmarked.

He manages to get to the end of it an heads the ball.

.

It goes wide. Saarbruken had the clearest chance but the couldn't convert it.

Its the minute 53 and Kaiserslauten are playing much better in this half.
Almamy Toure is in the wing.

He crosses the ball.

And Ritter is on with the header.

.

Its a goal. The keaper could have done more but there is nothing to say now.

Its the minute 75 and Saarbruken don't look very well as Kaiserslautern are much more on the attack and being dangerous.
Its a foul taken by Puchacz.

It is thrown to the middle.

Toure heads it and.

.

Its a goal. Saarbruken dream comes to a halt, its two cero agains Kaiserslauten and there are only 15 minutes left.

And the final whistle is blown two cero. The fairytail of Saarbruken and the DFB Pokal has ended.

